# OS_Assignment_2
Second programming assignment for Operating Systems, Fall 2021 at Kent State University. Banker's algorithm program from a text input file. By Justin Labrie.

Much of the code was built from the pseudo code given in class. A lot of it was also built from looking at C++'s various headers (like string, arrays, etc) in order to accurately use them, due to me having not coded in C++ for quite some time. Safe sequence was very difficult to figure out, but after reading up on Baker's Algorithm as well as playing around in the code, I was able to do it. The code works with the given processes and resource type numbers, with the given allocation, max, available, etc. I am uncertain if it will work with other values put into the data, as I was unable to test other values. I did my best to make it work with ambiguous values, but I was unable to check if it would.

Code snippets were also compared with Baker's algorithms found on the internet. This one: https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/program-bankers-algorithm-set-1-safety-algorithm/ was a lot of help in figuring out my own code and how to accurately put it together. Working with different data sets, input and output, and variables, I was able to use it to understand how I was supposed to set up my own code. In this sense, I'm sure it will look somewhat similar to what I ended up with. I will state, though, that most of my code was blueprinted more from the Professor's slides rather than this specific program. I also avoided making the process for checking its safe its own method, as I wasn't actually certain how to do that effectively.

This works as intended in debugging mode in Visual Studio 2019. It builds and compiles from there as well. I'm not entirely sure how to create an exe file in 2019. I apologize for your having to download the entire thing and open it in VS 2019.
